feat: ✨ support exclusions via config file (#340)
seedcase-project/check-datapackage: docs/guide/cli.qmd

check-datapackage check
```

By default, `check` looks for a `datapackage.json` file in the current
directory. If all checks pass, the following message would be outputted
to the terminal:

```{python}
#| echo: false
so.format_output_for_docs(["cdp", "check", str(so.Example.simple.path)])
```

> If a check fails, a `DataPackageError` is raised with more details about

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a check fails, you'll get a `DataPackageError` with more details about
```
